Enhance docs by adding contributing and code-of-conduct files (#372)
shipwright-io/build: code-of-conduct.md

> # Kubernetes Community Code of Conduct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Shipwright Code of Conduct
```

Author: done

> Please refer to our [Kubernetes Community Code of Conduct](https://git.k8s.io/community/code-of-conduct.md)

Reviewer: IMO we should directly link the CNCF Code of Conduct. The Kubernetes code of conduct is an indirect reference to the CNCF Code of Conduct:

```suggestion
Shipwright follows the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md).
```

Note that technically our slack channel has a separate Code of Conduct, though that ultimately links to the CNCF Code of Conduct.

Author: definitely, good point.
